This company operate as a diversified retail and wholesale/cash and carry group, and is doing business as Metro Group with the largest market share in its home market, and is one of the most globalised retail and wholesale corporations. It is the fourth-largest retailer in the world measured by revenues (after Wal-Mart, Carrefour and Tesco). It was established in 1964 by Otto Beisheim. The company has its registered office located in Dusseldorf in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.Metro Group is one of the world's leading retail and wholesale companies. Its operating business involves self-service wholesale trade, hypermarkets, consumer electronics stores, department stores and online trade. Its four sales divisions - Metro Cash & Carry, Real, Media-Saturn and Galeria Kaufhof, which gained leading positions in their respective business areas. It conduct their business activities autonomously in the marketplace and provide private and professional customers in 33 countries across Europe, Asia and Africa with a comprehensive range of products and services. In the process, they continuously tap new sales channels in order to establish long-term relationships with existing customers and to reach new target groups. In addition, it has bundled its real estate activities into METRO PROPERTIES. Metro Group offers private and commercial customers a broad array of services in cash and carry, and in retail. With their specific offers designed to meet the growing demands of customers, its sales brands have become individual retail brands in many ways. It continuously fine-tune their sales concepts with the aim of convincing customers of the value of their service offerings and, as a result, solidifying the foundation of their future business success. Its sales brands include Metro/Makro Cash & Carry, Real, Media Markt, Saturn, and Galeria Kaufhof. Metro Group is located in Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, China, Croatia, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Egypt, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, India, Italy, Japan, Kazakhstan, Luxembourg, Moldova, the Netherlands, Pakistan, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russia, Serbia, Slovakia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey, Ukraine, the United Kingdom and Vietnam.
