GEA AG is a global technology group focused on the life science industry, with companies specialized in process technology, thermal and energy technology as well as air treatment and dairy farm systems. GEA manufactures components, systems and complete process lines. It is headquartered in the GEA Center in Bochum, Germany. The company was incorporated in 1920. GEA stands for Global Engineering Alliance.GEA operates through seven business divisions such as refrigeration, process engineering, mechanical separation, dairy farm systems, process equipment, energy technology, and air treatment. The refrigeration division builds key refrigeration system components, such as reciprocating and screw compressors, vaporizers, condensers and valves, as well as ice-making machinery and freezers. The process engineering division specializes in spray drying, fluid bed processing and liquid processing technologies. The mechanical separation division supplies centrifugal separation products. The dairy farm systems division develops technologies for milking and feeding cows, and cooling milk. The process equipment division is involved in the optimization of energy efficiency, engine cooling and other specialty activities. The energy technology division specializes in industrial air-cooling technologies for the chemical and petrochemical industries. The air treatment division is engaged in developing heating, ventilation and air conditioning systems. The company serves primarily companies in the food and beverage, chemical, pharmaceutical, cosmetics, petrochemical, and utility industries.The company is globally and domestically owned by GEA Group AG, a German management holding company of the GEA Group which focuses on specialty mechanical engineering, especially process engineering and equipment, and plant engineering. GEA Group AG is one of the world's market and technology leaders in 90 percent of its businesses.GEA AG is active in more than 50 countries with 150 operating companies. Its main subsidiaries are Grasso's Koninklijke Machinefabriken (Netherlands), Tuchenhagen GmbH (Germany), Niro Holding A/S (Denmark), and Westfalia Separator AG (Germany). The company is one of the world's leading suppliers for food and process engineering, and thermal engineering technology.Grasso's Koninklijke Machinefabriken is a management holding company in the refrigeration division which is active in the broad field of industrial cooling, both of processes and products. Tuchenhagen GmbH is one of the world's leading suppliers and manufactures of components and systems for liquid processing lines. Niro Holding A/S is a leading supplier of powder and liquid processing plant. Westfalia Separator AG is a management holding company of the mechanical separation division.
