The company is a Spanish-based, privately held entity, which is engaged in the manufacture of alcoholic beverages. It was incorporated in April of 1917 and has its registered head office located in Sevilla, Spain. The company specializes in producing beer. Beers are brewed using a process based on a simple formula. Key to the process is malted grain. Malt is made by allowing a grain to germinate, after which it is then dried in a kiln and sometimes roasted. The germination process creates a number of enzymes, notably a-amylase and ß-amylase, which will be used to convert the starch in the grain into sugar. Depending on the amount of roasting, the malt will take on a dark colour and strongly influence the colour and flavour of the beer.The malt is crushed to break apart the grain kernels, increase their surface area, and separate the smaller pieces from the husks. The resulting grist is mixed with heated water in a vat called a "mash tun" for a process known as mashing. During this process, natural enzymes within the malt break down much of the starch into sugars which play a vital part in the fermentation process. After the mashing, the resulting liquid is strained from the grains in a process known as lautering. Prior to lautering, the mash temperature may be raised to about 75 °C (165-170 °F) (known as a mashout) to deactivate enzymes. Additional water may be sprinkled on the grains to extract additional sugars (a process known as sparging). At this point the liquid is known as wort. The wort is moved into a large tank known as a copper or kettle where it is boiled with hops and sometimes other ingredients such as herbs or sugars. The boiling process serves to terminate enzymatic processes, precipitate proteins, isomerize hop resins, concentrate and sterilize the wort. Hops add flavour, aroma and bitterness to the beer. At the end of the boil, the hopped wort settles to clarify it in a vessel called a "whirl-pool" and the clarified wort is then cooled. The wort is then moved into a fermentation vessel where yeast is added or pitched with it. The yeast converts the sugars from the malt into alcohol, carbon dioxide and other components through a process called fermentation. After a week to three weeks, the fresh (or "green") beer is run off into conditioning tanks. After conditioning for a week to several months, the beer is often filtered to remove yeast and particulates. The bright beer is then ready for serving or packaging. There are four main families of beer styles determined by the variety of yeast used: ale (top fermenting yeasts), lager (bottom fermenting yeasts, beers of spontaneous fermentation (wild yeasts) and beers of mixed origin. The company's products are distributed and sold in domestic and international markets under the brand name, Cruzcampo.
