This company is engaged in discovering, developing, manufacturing and marketing of biotherapeutics for unmet medical needs. The company was founded by venture capitalist Robert A. Swanson and biochemist Dr. Herbert W. Boyer in 1976. It is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol DNA. Its headquarters is located in South San Francisco, California, United States. This facility in San Francisco is also home to a research center, manufacturing operations and various business functions. The company is one of the world's leading biotech companies, with multiple products for serious or life-threatening medical conditions. It is also the leading provider of anti-tumor therapeutics in the United States. It has more than 50 projects in three therapeutic focus areas: oncology, immunology, and disorders of tissue growth and repair. Its development pipeline includes both breakthrough innovations and new indications for existing products that fights more than one disease or more than one form of a disease. The company produces and markets multiple biotechnology products, and receives royalties from companies that are licensed to market products based on its technology. In the United States, the company markets its products including Avastin, Rituxan, Herceptin, Lucentis, Xolair, Tarceva, Nutropin, Activase, TNKase, and Cathflo Activase. It is also the manufacturer and marketer of Pulmozyme and Raptiva. Additionally, the company's licensed products include Trastuzumab, Rituximab, Bevacizumab, Dornase alfa (recombinant), Alteplase, Tenecteplase, Somatropin, Etanercept, D2E7/adalimumab, Infliximab, Cetuximab and Antihemophilic factor (recombinant). The company's customers include such major names as Amerisource/Bergen Corp., Cardinal Health Inc. and McKesson Inc. The mission of the company is to be the leading biotechnology company by using human genetic information to develop novel medicines for serious and life-threatening diseases. The company also has other manufacturing operations in California (Vacaville, Oceanside) and Oregon (Hillsboro).
